README.md, before:

<div align="center">
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/gh-pages/ACL_logo.png"><br><br>
</div>

Release repository: https://github.com/arm-software/ComputeLibrary

Development repository: https://review.mlplatform.org/#/admin/projects/ml/ComputeLibrary

Please report issues here: https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/issues

**Make sure you are using the latest version of the library before opening an issue. Thanks**

News:

- [Gian Marco's talk on Performance Analysis for Optimizing Embedded Deep Learning Inference Software](https://www.embedded-vision.com/platinum-members/arm/embedded-vision-training/videos/pages/may-2019-embedded-vision-summit)
- [Gian Marco's talk on optimizing CNNs with Winograd algorithms at the EVS](https://www.embedded-vision.com/platinum-members/arm/embedded-vision-training/videos/pages/may-2018-embedded-vision-summit-iodice)
- [Gian Marco's talk on using SGEMM and FFTs to Accelerate Deep Learning](https://www.embedded-vision.com/platinum-members/arm/embedded-vision-training/videos/pages/may-2016-embedded-vision-summit-iodice)

Related projects:

- [Arm NN SDK](https://github.com/arm-software/armnn)

Tutorials:

- [Tutorial: Cartoonifying Images on Raspberry Pi with the Compute Library](https://community.arm.com/graphics/b/blog/posts/cartoonifying-images-on-raspberry-pi-with-the-compute-library)
- [Tutorial: Running AlexNet on Raspberry Pi with Compute Library](https://community.arm.com/processors/b/blog/posts/running-alexnet-on-raspberry-pi-with-compute-library)

Documentation (API, changelogs, build guide, contribution guide, errata, etc.) available here:

- [v20.02.1](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v20.02.1/)
- [v20.02](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v20.02/)
- [v19.11.1](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v19.11.1/)
- [v19.11](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v19.11/)
- [v19.08.1](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v19.08.1/)
- [v19.08](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v19.08/)
- [v19.05](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v19.05/)
- [v19.02](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v19.02/)
- [v18.11](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v18.11/index.xhtml)
- [v18.08](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v18.08/)
- [v18.05](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v18.05/)
- [v18.03](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v18.03/)
- [v18.02](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v18.02/)
- [v18.01](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v18.01/)
- [v17.12](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.12/)
- [v17.10](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.10/)
- [v17.09](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.09/)
- [v17.06](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.06/)
- [v17.05](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.05/)
- [v17.04](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.04/)
- [v17.03.1](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.03.1/)

Binaries available here:

- [v20.02.1-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v20.02.1/arm_compute-v20.02.1-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v20.02.1-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v20.02.1/arm_compute-v20.02.1-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v20.02-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v20.02/arm_compute-v20.02-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v20.02-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v20.02/arm_compute-v20.02-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v19.11.1-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.11.1/arm_compute-v19.11.1-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v19.11.1-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.11.1/arm_compute-v19.11.1-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v19.11-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.11/arm_compute-v19.11-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v19.11-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.11/arm_compute-v19.11-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v19.08.1-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.08.1/arm_compute-v19.08.1-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v19.08.1-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.08.1/arm_compute-v19.08.1-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v19.08-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.08/arm_compute-v19.08-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v19.08-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.08/arm_compute-v19.08-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v19.05-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.05/arm_compute-v19.05-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v19.05-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.05/arm_compute-v19.05-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v19.02-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.02/arm_compute-v19.02-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v19.02-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.02/arm_compute-v19.02-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v18.11-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.11/arm_compute-v18.11-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v18.11-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.11/arm_compute-v18.11-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v18.08-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.08/arm_compute-v18.08-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v18.08-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.08/arm_compute-v18.08-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v18.05-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.05/arm_compute-v18.05-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v18.05-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.05/arm_compute-v18.05-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v18.03-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.03/arm_compute-v18.03-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v18.03-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.03/arm_compute-v18.03-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v18.02-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.02/arm_compute-v18.02-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v18.02-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.02/arm_compute-v18.02-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v18.01](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.01/arm_compute-v18.01-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.12](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.12/arm_compute-v17.12-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.10](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.10/arm_compute-v17.10-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.09](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.09/arm_compute-v17.09-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.06](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.06/arm_compute-v17.06-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.05](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.05/arm_compute-v17.05-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.04](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.04/arm_compute-v17.04-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.03.1](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.03.1/arm_compute-v17.03.1-bin.tar.gz)

License & Contributions: The software is provided under MIT license. Contributions to this project are accepted under the same license.

### Public mailing list
For technical discussion, the ComputeLibrary project has a public mailing list: acl-dev@lists.linaro.org
The list is open to anyone inside or outside of Arm to self subscribe.  In order to subscribe, please visit the following website:
https://lists.linaro.org/mailman/listinfo/acl-dev

### Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)
Before the ComputeLibrary project accepts your contribution, you need to certify its origin and give us your permission. To manage this process we use the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) V1.1 (https://developercertificate.org/)

To indicate that you agree to the the terms of the DCO, you "sign off" your contribution by adding a line with your name and e-mail address to every git commit message:

```Signed-off-by: John Doe <john.doe@example.org>```

You must use your real name, no pseudonyms or anonymous contributions are accepted.

### Security Issues
If you believe you have discovered a security issue please contact MLG-Security@arm.com

### NXP Release Notes

NXP provides ACL with fixes and optimizations targeted for the i.MX8 application processors in the form of a fork of the original [ARM repository](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary). For details see the [Release Notes](NXPReleaseNotes.md).

Commit message:

AIR-3511 Clarified the purpose of the ACL fork in README
Signed-off-by: Pavel Macenauer <pavel.macenauer@nxp.com>

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/gh-pages/ACL_logo.png"><br><br>
</div>

Release repository: https://github.com/arm-software/ComputeLibrary

Development repository: https://review.mlplatform.org/#/admin/projects/ml/ComputeLibrary

Please report issues here: https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/issues

**Make sure you are using the latest version of the library before opening an issue. Thanks**

News:

- [Gian Marco's talk on Performance Analysis for Optimizing Embedded Deep Learning Inference Software](https://www.embedded-vision.com/platinum-members/arm/embedded-vision-training/videos/pages/may-2019-embedded-vision-summit)
- [Gian Marco's talk on optimizing CNNs with Winograd algorithms at the EVS](https://www.embedded-vision.com/platinum-members/arm/embedded-vision-training/videos/pages/may-2018-embedded-vision-summit-iodice)
- [Gian Marco's talk on using SGEMM and FFTs to Accelerate Deep Learning](https://www.embedded-vision.com/platinum-members/arm/embedded-vision-training/videos/pages/may-2016-embedded-vision-summit-iodice)

Related projects:

- [Arm NN SDK](https://github.com/arm-software/armnn)

Tutorials:

- [Tutorial: Cartoonifying Images on Raspberry Pi with the Compute Library](https://community.arm.com/graphics/b/blog/posts/cartoonifying-images-on-raspberry-pi-with-the-compute-library)
- [Tutorial: Running AlexNet on Raspberry Pi with Compute Library](https://community.arm.com/processors/b/blog/posts/running-alexnet-on-raspberry-pi-with-compute-library)

Documentation (API, changelogs, build guide, contribution guide, errata, etc.) available here:

- [v20.02.1](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v20.02.1/)
- [v20.02](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v20.02/)
- [v19.11.1](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v19.11.1/)
- [v19.11](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v19.11/)
- [v19.08.1](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v19.08.1/)
- [v19.08](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v19.08/)
- [v19.05](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v19.05/)
- [v19.02](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v19.02/)
- [v18.11](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v18.11/index.xhtml)
- [v18.08](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v18.08/)
- [v18.05](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v18.05/)
- [v18.03](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v18.03/)
- [v18.02](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v18.02/)
- [v18.01](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v18.01/)
- [v17.12](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.12/)
- [v17.10](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.10/)
- [v17.09](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.09/)
- [v17.06](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.06/)
- [v17.05](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.05/)
- [v17.04](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.04/)
- [v17.03.1](https://arm-software.github.io/ComputeLibrary/v17.03.1/)

Binaries available here:

- [v20.02.1-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v20.02.1/arm_compute-v20.02.1-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v20.02.1-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v20.02.1/arm_compute-v20.02.1-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v20.02-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v20.02/arm_compute-v20.02-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v20.02-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v20.02/arm_compute-v20.02-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v19.11.1-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.11.1/arm_compute-v19.11.1-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v19.11.1-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.11.1/arm_compute-v19.11.1-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v19.11-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.11/arm_compute-v19.11-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v19.11-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.11/arm_compute-v19.11-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v19.08.1-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.08.1/arm_compute-v19.08.1-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v19.08.1-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.08.1/arm_compute-v19.08.1-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v19.08-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.08/arm_compute-v19.08-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v19.08-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.08/arm_compute-v19.08-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v19.05-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.05/arm_compute-v19.05-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v19.05-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.05/arm_compute-v19.05-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v19.02-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.02/arm_compute-v19.02-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v19.02-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v19.02/arm_compute-v19.02-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v18.11-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.11/arm_compute-v18.11-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v18.11-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.11/arm_compute-v18.11-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v18.08-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.08/arm_compute-v18.08-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v18.08-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.08/arm_compute-v18.08-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v18.05-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.05/arm_compute-v18.05-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v18.05-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.05/arm_compute-v18.05-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v18.03-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.03/arm_compute-v18.03-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v18.03-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.03/arm_compute-v18.03-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v18.02-linux](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.02/arm_compute-v18.02-bin-linux.tar.gz)
- [v18.02-android](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.02/arm_compute-v18.02-bin-android.tar.gz)
- [v18.01](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v18.01/arm_compute-v18.01-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.12](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.12/arm_compute-v17.12-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.10](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.10/arm_compute-v17.10-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.09](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.09/arm_compute-v17.09-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.06](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.06/arm_compute-v17.06-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.05](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.05/arm_compute-v17.05-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.04](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.04/arm_compute-v17.04-bin.tar.gz)
- [v17.03.1](https://github.com/ARM-software/ComputeLibrary/releases/download/v17.03.1/arm_compute-v17.03.1-bin.tar.gz)

License & Contributions: The software is provided under MIT license. Contributions to this project are accepted under the same license.

### Public mailing list
For technical discussion, the ComputeLibrary project has a public mailing list: acl-dev@lists.linaro.org
The list is open to anyone inside or outside of Arm to self subscribe.  In order to subscribe, please visit the following website:
https://lists.linaro.org/mailman/listinfo/acl-dev

### Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO)
Before the ComputeLibrary project accepts your contribution, you need to certify its origin and give us your permission. To manage this process we use the Developer Certificate of Origin (DCO) V1.1 (https://developercertificate.org/)

To indicate that you agree to the the terms of the DCO, you "sign off" your contribution by adding a line with your name and e-mail address to every git commit message:

```Signed-off-by: John Doe <john.doe@example.org>```

You must use your real name, no pseudonyms or anonymous contributions are accepted.

### Security Issues
If you believe you have discovered a security issue please contact MLG-Security@arm.com

### NXP Release Notes

Code releases and release branches for this repository are aligned with Yocto Linux releases for the [i.MX8 series](https://www.nxp.com/products/processors-and-microcontrollers/arm-processors/i-mx-applications-processors/i-mx-8-processors:IMX8-SERIES) and not with actual ACL versions. Corresponding ACL version is always referred to in these [Release Notes](NXPReleaseNotes.md).
